I'm pregnant.
What does your pregnancy have to do with me?
This child is yours
Huh?
Want to rely on me
What do you want?
Just say don't play this game
Why are you always so murderous and so selfish?
Have I called you since that night?
Don't I want you to disappear from my world?
Don't you come to me now?
Why am I still wondering?
Why did you leave last time?
It turned out to be a big trick waiting for me here
I just have bad intentions
I'm here today to let you know
I admit I'm unlucky in everything
I have decided to abort this child.
Have you decided?
Well, I've got one.
Are the inspections done?
When you're done, sign this form.
We can schedule the surgery
Sorry baby
You shouldn't be in this world now
I don't have the ability to raise you